There could be traps- Arrow traps that shoot in a straight line out of the wall, teleporters that teleport the player to a random place in the map, and spike traps that
deal damage when stepped on.

Maybe for the boss fight, right at the end of the boss fight, the music
changes to a different tune as you're almost done.

For the boss fight, it could be that you have to find a bunch of shield generators or something in each room of the current dungeon, destroy them, and only then
could you hurt the boss- and you fail the boss fight if all the boss fight music ends.

Need to scale enemy hp and damage with levels- but also make the player have some way of getting an increase in damage. The way this would be done is the deeper you go,
the more dangerous monster types there would be.

Make the see-all potion make the walls all not be dim and the player able to see enemies etc through walls. Maybe there would be a NPC that you couldn't
normally see without it? Also highlights secret passages and be able to see hidden doors?

There could be secret doors- walls you could walk through to another room that might be full of loot.

There could be an enemy type that has a randomly generated sprite.

Since people will probably think it's sexist to have a wizard carrying a damsel, on the title screen or boot up, you'll be given two options: male or female. This will make
it so that instead of you controlling a male wizard and saving a female damsel, you'll control a female witch and you would find a male damsel/prince. The prince would
complain a lot while following you at first, making you want to shoot him. The main bad guy would be a female instead of a male when you're a witch.

As an easter egg, maybe in a very secret room, there would be a pool that has some cellular automata living in it that you can watch and randomize by going and pressing a
button on the wall next to it. The cellular automaton would be the Game of Life I think.

You might be able to mix any potion with any food item and it would make the food item have a healing/damaging
or slowing/speeding effect based on the potion in addition to recovering hunger.

The enemies need to not instantly give up on chasing the player when the player is out of their view radius.

When you use the riddle stone, it gives you a little riddle to solve and then when you solve it, it gives you a reward- destroying the riddle stone. But if you equip it
and don't use it, and then die, it'll give you a chance to solve the riddle and when you do, it'll bring you back to life, also destroying the riddle stone in the process.
Kind of like a second life. (haven't quite implimented this, but almost- as I have a equppedRiddleStone bool that is implimented, it just doesn't influence anything yet)

There could be a secret passage out of the map that transports you to another dungeon, but this time without any enemies and with weird items. Then it corrupts slowly after
time and keeps corrupting.

Sometimes doors at the ends of corridors that block you seeing the room behind them until you open them by walking through them. They could sometimes be locked? Also walls
could sometimes be disguised doors and that would mean the exit is sometimes concealed.

For when you try to mix a potion that isn't one of the primary colors (which are red green blue yellow white and black), instead of it saying you can't combine them, it
just creates a brown potion.

Cursed items, (equippables will have a chance to be cursed when picked up) when equipped, cannot be unequpped unless you read a scroll of uncurse.

Need a trap that you can't see at first but when you step on it you fall through to the next dungeon no matter if you wanted to or not.

Add a sound level mechanic where depending on the sound effect played, the sound level integer will be increased, and that sound level integer is always added to every
enemy's detection radius. This will lead to enemies being able to detect the player from further away depending on how much noise is happening at the current time.

Add a restore potion that restores the player to normal stats.